Week 1
Read through the 10 project ideas and chose a few ideas and brainstormed some possible novel functionalities for them.
Joined the Jira site.
Appointed Ronald as our scrum master.
Discussed with the team and decided to go with the Wait Management System for our project.

Week 2
Discuss with the team with possible languages and libraries we could use and decided to use Python for the backend, React for the frontend and PostgreSQL for our databases.
Brainstormed and finalised novel functionalities and regular functionalities.
Finalise user stories and split user stories for each member to do. I'm doing generic user stories for waitstaff, kitchen and managers.
Discussed and prepare for sprint 1.

Week 3
Did some updates to functionalities due to do a misunderstanding. We had more than 6 regualar functionalities and had to cut some down.
Worked and finished on the proposal. I worked on writing and shwoing user stories, helped in designing some story boards and wrote the architecture for frontend, databases and API's.
Starting on code for backend, working on Order.

Week 4
Finished assistance and billing
Had a meeting to further discuss progress and pick up any additional roles that were needed
Prepared for our demo next week

Week 5
Finished my parts with sprint 1 which included request assistance, request bill and select table
Did some group debugging on various parts of our code before our demonstration
Unfortunately I was not able to attend the demo due to COVID

Week 7
Flex week in week 6 so not too much progress
Started on order item, kitchen preparation. Now need to test against database and frontend.
Discussed about implementation of chatbot and may use OpenAI.

Week 8
Coded discount and reward systems, including debugging and testing.
Did more research on ways to implement chatbot. Use of APIs, methods of bot training and tokenisation.
Watching Andrej Karpathy's video "Let's Build GPT" for ideas on how to start and what methods we can use

Week 9
Did more research on chatbot APIs and decided to use langchain to implement our chatbot as it was relatively simple
Used TextLoader and VectorstoreIndex functions from langchain to embed and store data in chromadb
Just did alot of queries and testing of chatbot

Week 10
Did some final linting and visual errors
Presented final demo
Finished final report
