Week 1

We went over the project ideas and came up with some features for each project to help us decide what to pick later on. At the end of the week we decided to do the Wait Management System. We decided that Ronald would be our scrum master.

Week 2

We finalised our project idea and did some group brainstorming about the novel features we needed to add to our project. We also decided that we would use React for frontend development, Python for backend development, SQLalchemy and PostgreSQL for our database. I planned some routes and return formats for communication between backend and frontend, as it was decided that I would work on frontend.

Week 3
I started working on the front end side of the project. I made a react project and started designing the components and pages of our web app. I set up pages for logging in, the initial screens of the website, registering, updating details and joining as a guest. I made routes for them as well so that the user can move between screens on a single page app without reloading. Since the backend hasnt been developed I used fake loader functions which gave simulated input to test that my frontend was working,

Week 4
I started linking the frontend to the backend once the backend API functions were done. There was a lot of debugging to do with regards to that. Also I made some other screens for a menu prototype, and reworked the table select and update account screens to match the backend functionality which was different to what I expected. 

Week 5
Started working on Sprint 2. I designed some of the pages for viewing the menu and ordering items. Routes werent done yet so it was just the appearance for now with no functionality.

Week 7
I added actual functionality to the pages. The menu can display a list of items from the database and the order page can successfully order an item now. After that I tried improving it by adding the ability to order multiple items at a time and doing some bugfixing

Week 8
I started working on the frontend for manager statistics. The backend got finished pretty quickly so I was able to test my code as soon as i implemented it. For now I mainly just set up the manager settings popup so that the manager could edit the number of tables, change passwords and change the restaurant name. But some of those features weren't fully complete yet. As for the manager stats, I started off with the profit tracker graph. There were some issues with the values that the backend returned which made the graph difficult to implement as I wanted multiple lines in the graph. So I edited the backend to allow for that.

Week 9
I finished the remainder of the manager statistics pages. There werent really any troubles with that. In the mean time the manager settings were working now with new routes implemented. After I was done with all the manager stuff,I worked on a popup where the user could access the chat bot. I made it look similar to a messaging app in design. After that I mainly just bugfixed stuff such as the old kitchen or waitstaff pages which werent displaying the correct information anymore.

Week 10
We presented our final demo. I wrote parts of the report, mainly talked about how table selection, ordering from the menu worked and also how kitchen staff can see their orders, along with the manager stats
