Week 1
We decided on the name MOG for our group
I volunteer as the scrum master for our group
Members were decided to do frontend, backend, and database
I decided to do backend!

Week 2
As a team, we decided to use
python for backend,
react for frontend,
and postgreSQL for database
All of us came up with functionalities in regards of different systems to integrate it with the wait management system
I created sprints within jira, 3 2-week sprints so that we can start creating user stories 

Week 3
After we created all the user stories, I decided to start working on the backend authentication routes
I created the base file structure of the project and pushed it into github first so that my teammates can work on different parts of the code
User authentication routes were finished before the lab 
I started working on using Docker to containerize the backend

Week 4
Did major integration testing for frontend, backend, and database to ensure that everything is working
Worked on refining the authentication routes and constantly had meetings with teammembers to ensure the same api calls are being made
made changes to docker file so that backend will wait for the database to be active and receiving requests to create all the tables

Week 5
Demo during class was excellent, we were able to finish everything on time and give a good demo to our tutor.
In the class our teammates talked about what to do next sprint, and were able to decide on a solid timeline and sprint 2
Retrospective A report was completed that night with all the members dicussing what went well and what not so good
I handed the retro in a day before the deadline

Week 6
During this week I worked on improving the code for the backend, and I also started working a little bit on frontend as I believed that I could learn a bit more as well

Week 7
Week 7 was mainly focused on frontend, i was able to work on the frontend graphs and login and by using a lot of mui icons i was able to improve the frontend look.

Week 8
Second demo went really well, we were able to show case everything that we finished working on. Although there were a few unexpected bugs out of our usecase that occured in the demo. Everything was working incredibly well. 
Retrospective B Report was completed the next day with all members discussing what to improve on as well. 
I think in sprint 2, the major downfall was unequal work allocation due to different responsibilities, I will work on that.

Week 9
I worked on mostly integrating the Google Fitness API and Google Nutrient API to the application.
I also implemented the use of Edamam Food Database API to automatically input calories for food items that manager adds in
I had to do a lot of research on how the API worked so that took a lot of time. 
Then I had troubles sending bulk data to nutrient API so a lot of trial and error had to be done

Week 10 
Final demo went extremely well as well. We were able to showcase everything to the tutor and everything was working as good as possible.
Final work was the report and it is currently being done.
